#Metrological

##Team Meeting Embedded
##Date: 2017-01-18 

1. Previous meeting: 
* No remarks

3. Update:
  * Bram:
    * Working on device ID, had code review with Pierre, code still needs to be improved. Tried to do remote debugging using CLion, did not work so well. Might have to do with code optimisation.
    * Discussion on locking helped, especially in combination with discussions with Pierre.
 
    * Sander has some example code. We may set up something to share example code. Mostly focussing on Linux API. Set up a repo? This could also be used to share useful scripts.
  * Rene:
    * Working on NTP plugin, code is working but still needs cleaning up. Will ask Coen and Pierre to have look at the code. Process of finding out how a plugin is called was tough.
  * Ozgur:
    * Worked on DAWN project. Trying to find who does what, what are responsibilities. Now has a DAWN box for testing. Using a specific toolchain for DAWN.
    * First tried to work with a RPi3 with serial interface. This works with Raspbian but not our distribution. We might need to create a defconfig for RPi3 to make this work.
    * Next to that tried to build to boot from NFS, using u-boot. This did not work yet.
  * Sander:
    * Added a feature for tracing to web bridge. Added possibility to configure to start tracing from the start, without having to switch it on in source code. Logging will go to console or syslog, or other as configured. Last year a cyclic buffer was added for logging, writing to a memory file, which is then emptied into a file. This to prevent influencing performance by logging.
  * Coen:
    * Working with network stack. Focused on IPV4 versus IPV6. Still struggling with DNS server setup.
  * Mischa:
    * Worked on documentation. Work on markdown editor in PHP.

4. Sander presents on gstreamer in webkit. Got a request to make video / audio streaming work for the Technicolor box. Was requested to write findings on paper and present this. Sander will make presentation as well as examples available on Wiki.

5. Closing round
  * Ozgur would need some help to work with u-boot, serial interface, and booting from NFS. Mischa will take this up with Ozgur.
  * There was a small discussion on using the repository. especially on when and how to use branches. Idea: explain about git flow, and discuss if and how this would help us. 
  
6. Next Meeting
  * Presentation by Rene on Git flow
7. Open issues
  * Have a discussion on const values, pointers, and references
  * Have a discussion on process (Scrum, Agile, â€¦.)
  * How to deal with network issues at customer site
  * How to deal with repository(ies) and branches
  * How to revive Jenkins and Continuous Integration (CI)
  * How to enforce coding guidelines, as a tool but possibly even as part of CI

8. Actions
  * Sander: Make presentation and examples gstreamer available somewhere on Wiki
  