#Metrological

##Team Meeting Embedded
##Date: 2017-03-15

Agenda:

RPC discussion (RPC and virtual inheritance)
Testing

1. Team update

Ozgur:

Sander:
  
Bram:
  
Coen:
  
Mischa:
   
Pierre:

Rene:
  
  
5. Actions
  * Bram and Rene: Investigate how to integrate coding style conversion to the process by adding it as
    a pre-commit plugin in Github. This can now be tested on the new server Bram brought in.
  * Rene: Move coding guidelines to Wiki (done), merge with notes created in last meetings. Add coding guideline: Use asserts.
  * Sander: Place code snippets and slides on Documentation wiki.
  * Pierre: Possibly present on IPC mechanisms, especially synchronization in multi-threading environment (concurrency).
  * Coen and Rene: Look into possibilities to test Plugins, possibly using stub code made by Bram.