#Metrological

##Team Meeting Embedded
##Date: 2017-03-01

Rene: Presentation /discussion on Git
Ozgur: Short presentation on Snapshot plugins
Sander: Linux file handling
Pierre: Presentation on Proxy / Stubs

1. Team update

Bram:

Sander:
  
Coen:
  
Mischa:
  
Ozgur:
  
Rene:

2. Ideas and issues

3. Actions
  * Bram and Rene: Investigate how to integrate coding style conversion to the process by adding it as
    a pre-commit plugin in Github. This can now be tested on the new server Bram brought in.
  * Rene: Move coding guidelines to Wiki (done), merge with notes created in last meetings. Add coding guideline: Use asserts.
  * Ozgur: Share insights on DAWN memory savings through boot parameters on Wiki.
  