Merge coding guidelines onto wiki, with notes from last week.
As we introduced quite some plugins, we will schedule a code review for these for next week.
Demo on Technicolor box next week.

Add coding guideline: Use asserts.

Pierre:
Working on Technicolor (based on Nexus), preparing a demo for Proximus. They are now in a JV with Metrological to deliver a box for customers. This could be ported to DAWN and EOS.
One of the drivers is the possibility to run Netflix.
This is the first time that we deliver a full stack for the STB. I.e. no other partners such as PACE, 
1MW team is looking at possibilities to not run the app store in the browser. There is quite a discussion on interfaces.
Horizon: frame rate discussion still ongoing, proof that framerate is the problem is still not hard.
Working on new plugins for location, time, network, identification.

Coen: Still experimenting with network (IPV6). And doing some work on RET. Will sit with Pierre to discuss IPV6.

Ozgur: Played around with DAWN. Discussed with Naushaad. Will try to run WPE on DAWN as well. Pierre or Wouter US has some configuration on this.
Trying to make it work on NFS with RPi3. Now working directly with bootcode.bin, directly with firmware of RPi. U-boot is booting, but not possible to enter command lines.
There are notes of using NFS in the Wiki.
Will discuss priorities with Albert

Mischa: Built some tools for Mac, to not have to fall back to VMs. Researched instrumentation, and worked on documentation.

Bram: Installed the local server he brought in, as a clean server. Mindset is to use it for building, but also to test for pre- and post-commit hooks.
Still working on device id. Now Netflix startup is broken. So still have some work to do. Quite intensive as he needs to work on 4 different branches in different repositories.

What should we improve on?

Pierre: Not struggling, we should not force any tooling. What is lacking, is documentation. Source should be leading, but we need some more information on architecture.
We should use Jira more, but should not pollute it with non-issues.

Coen: There is a lot of knowledge in Pierre's head. We should write down more information, as a kind of knowledge base. Pierre is sharing a lot of knowledge one on one, but the knowledge does not spread. Pick up on the documentation again, make some time of Pierre available.

Bram: In one on one reviews Pierre shares a lot of information, but this is not written down. We could write down more, but is it used?
Testing needs to be done on different platforms, takes a lot of time, it would help if we could build for multiple platforms in parallel on an external server.

Rene: We should create more structure in defects we find, put them in Jira, and discuss what the priority is. This does not mean a full CCB process, but somewhat more structure.

Ozgur: There is a lack of information on how information flows, the execution architecture.

Mischa: Provide guidance on tooling, but do not enforce. We might decide on some basics. We could give guidelines for new employees.
